Mohamed Salad
Software Engineer
https://github.com/salad7 704-579-9523 2301 Jordi Way
Experience
CEO, Founder

Education
Bachelors Degree

June 2016 - Present

August 2014 - Present

Yurp Inc

UNC-Charlotte

The idea for Yurp is to provide students a place they can view all school events and post
pictures for all to see on campus. My role was full implementation of the frontend and
backend. From the full Android/Swift source code to the firebase backend. To process
images we incorporated the google cloud vision API combined with a Python script on
Heroku.

Major - Computer Science Minor - Mathematics

Software Analyst

June 2016 - August 2016

Bank of America
Monitored Splunk database for anomalies. Toggled features for mobile application in biweekly app releases. Tested mobile app deep links. Designed and won competition for
internal tool that would improve productivity within the bank. Diagnosed and solved
problems that impacted users before escalation thus increasing UX.

Clubs & Organizations
President

August 2017 - Present

Charlotte Hack Club
The mission of the Charlotte Hack Club is to build a community of problem solvers, critical
thinkers and represent UNCC at Major League Hacking and any other Hackathon
competitions regionally, nationally and internationally.

Treasurer

August 2015 - January 2016

STARS
The mission of the STARS (Students & Technology in Academia, Research & Service)
Alliance is to increase the participation of women, under-represented minorities, and
persons with disabilities in computing.

Skills

Interests

Teamwork , Programming , Mobile Development , Databases , Hardware ,
Software Engineering , Networking , Linux , Windows , Interfacing ,
Coordination , Agile Development

Mobile technologies , Augmented Reality , History , Latest technologies ,
Hackathons

Languages
C++

Awards and Recognition
Chancellors List

August 2014 - January 2015

UNC-Charlotte
Statefarm best security hack

Spring 2017

Georgia State
University
Won Statefarms security track by building mobile app, with a backed on firebase and
communication with Arduino and a dynamic web page.
https://devpost.com/software/apoint-me

Java

C#

Databases

C

Python

Web servers

Best Use of Location from Yik Yak

Spring 2016

Tennessee
University
The basic idea of the app uses ardiuno to count the amount of cars going and leaving a
parking garage using the Arduino Uno's ultrasonic senor, to ensure reliablilty of apps car
count. https://devpost.com/software/volhacks-nicrh2


